[VIT-5016] Introspection API: User resource (#172)
tryVital/docs: docs/introspection-api/user-resource.mdx

---

> title: UserResource Inspection Endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: User Resources Introspection
```

openapi: "/v2/introspect/resources"
---

## Overview

> Explore the functionality of the UserResource Inspection endpoint within the Introspection API to understand how your user data navigates through our system. 
> This endpoint offers detailed insights into your team's users, utilizing simple parameters for customization. 
> Its primary purpose is to facilitate self-debugging, empowering you to gain practical insights into the flow of your data. 
> Use this tool to efficiently examine and manage your user data analysis with ease.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Diagnose user data unavailability through the user resource introspection API.
This API offers detailed insights into connections and datasets of all users in your team, such that you are empowered to self-troubleshoot user connection issues with ease.
```

🤔

## Query Parameters

- `user_id` (optional): Specifies one specific user ID.
- `cursor` (optional): Cursor provided by the previous page.
- `user_limit` (optional): Maximum number of users to return, defaults to and capped at 50.
- `provider` (optional): Specific provider slug

The end-user can provide either a specific `user_id` or a `user_limit` value to retrieve information about their team's users.

<Warning>
Please note that user_limit is an upper_bound and the endpoint can return data for fewer users.

> This would be the case if any of the top selected users had no available resource information.

Reviewer 2: `user_limit` and `upper_bound`.
